
HISTORY
IMPACT
TESTIMONIALS
SPONSORS
CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE
CYBER TIP OF THE WEEKCURRENTLY SELECTED
CONTACT US
CYBER TIP OF THE WEEK
Tip #12: ​Be careful when clicking on attachments or links in email. If 
it's unexpected or suspicious don't click it.  Check out this Phishing 
Quiz to see if you can spot the phony websites.​

Tip #11: ​​Use two step verification when possible.  Set it up to receive 
authentication codes via sms or on an authenticator app. 

Tip #10: Think before you app.  Review the privacy policy and understand 
what data the app can access on your device before you download. ​

Tip #9: Check if a website starts with https. ​ A website starting with 
https encrypts the data you put in the website and the data you get from 
it. If a website doesn’t start with https, don’t give them confidential 
info​rmation.

Tip #8: ​Be wary of Spam email.  ​Spam campaigns are still one of the main 
attack vectors that cyber criminals use.  ​Less Spam = Fewer Problems.

Tip #7: ​Back up your data up on a regular basis  and make sure your 
anti-virus software is always up to date.​

Tip #6: ​Be cautious about offers online – if it sounds too good to be 
true, it probably is.

Tip #5: ​Think before you click – don’t open emails from strangers and 
don’t click on links for unfamiliar sites.

Tip #4: Oversharing and identity theft. Verify your privacy settings on 
mobile devices and social media. Make sure you’re not oversharing 
information with the world that could potentially be used against you.

​Tip #3: When shopping or banking online never do it from a device that 
doesn't belong to you or on a network that isn't yours.  Your data could 
be copied or stolen.

​​​Tip #2: ​​If you leave your computer, phone or tablet for any length of 
time lock it up so no one can use it while you're gone. ​​ 

Tip #1: Practice good password management. Passwords should be at least 
8 chara​​​cters long and include numbers, capital letters and symbols. 
Don't share your password with others, leave your password in plain site 
or use the same password for multiple sites. Click here​ for more 
information on choosing and protecting passwords.​​
